Lin Feng, are you crazy?
You're kicking your real parents out of the house?
Aren't you afraid of being criticized for doing this?
I'm afraid the door will be hit and killed by a car
You bastard
I knew you were so divorced
I should never have given birth to you
If you dare to do that
Then I'll expose you
Discredit you
I am no longer the weak Lin Feng I used to be
You can't choke me now
I'll give you five hours to get out of here
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.
You bastard
And so forth.
What else do you want?
You can let me move
Give me 200,000
I will leave here with my husband and children
200,000 you're crazy
I haven't asked you for rent yet
How dare you ask me for money?
We have nowhere to go to Shihe, don't we spend money?
If you don't give us the money, we're not leaving
What should you do?
Can you still kill me?
Kill you you are my sister
How could I bear to kill you?
I'm just going to cut off the confession
The bank will take the house away
Who are you scaring?
This palace will enter the list of untrustworthy people
Do you dare? I don't care at all now
I'm going to work now.
If I come back and see you still here
Then don't blame me for being rude.
You are an animal
Mom
What happened to Lin Feng?
How did we want to pinch him before? How could we pinch him?
How dare you rebel now
How do I know?
In short, the house cannot be let out
We won't move even if the bank comes to collect it
Love who
Mom is determined not to let Lin Feng come back
The children still have to rely on this house to go to school
You call Icho and ask what's going on
I have to let Lin Feng go back there